This is a simple n-Body physics simulator, which I have made to do higher-fidelity trajectory design for my senior design project, a cislunar CubeSat that could utilize a ballistic transfer to NRHO, something that can only be simulated in an n-body enviorment. As of writing this readme, the initial conditions correspond to 1 January 2020, using data from the NASA Horizons database. The spacecraft trajectory is configured to a very basic ballistic-ish transfer, though the insertion inneficent, as the trajectory at this time serves only to demonstrate the functionality.
The simulation supports additional forces, allowing the simulation of low thrust trajectories and solar radiation pressure. Adding more bodies is trivial, but increases computation time exponentially. The architecture of the simulation is designed to reduce time between iteration of the trajectory, which is why ephemeris data is first generated, and then the spacecraft is "flown" though the data. Currently, generating 180 days of position data for the earth-moon-sun system at 1 second precision takes ~30 mins, and generating 120 days of spacecraft data at 10s of precision takes ~30 seconds, which is useable.
As I progress the tool, I intend to develop a variable-step solver, with step size determined by curvature, to enable further decreases in spacecraft trajectory generation time, while enabling higher precision.
Preliminary testing indicates 1 second precision remains accurate to horizons data, while 10 second precsion begins to deviate, but a full charecterization of accuracy has not been done.